Hai.
Yeah.
That's the final Wars Godzilla.
Why Godzilla gets pink?
Spikes something?
Ha ha Okay.
Oh.
The New Empire one, right?
Okay.
The the another the monkey, right?
Is that a frozen monster?
New Empire is the Mechagodzilla one, right?... Oh...No.
Oh that's right that's right that's right yeah yeah yeah.
Oh.
The whole thing was pink?
The spikes are the pink.
New empire, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I think so. Coz that brings big bucks.
Yeah, Godzilla.
Godzilla vs. Gamera.
Because Gamera is always good.
Yeah.
mmh
Yeah, that's what I heard.
Shin-Shin Godzilla.
Shinshin Godzilla
Unfreeze yeah yeah yeah for three days.
Yeah, he was stopped frozen for three days.
I think so. Yeah.
Hold on, that's when Godzilla came up to the...
the the the the city and he got frozen.
right?... He stopped. Yeah.
Oh.
Yeah, that's right.
I thought that was three days or so.
I know, I was wondering why people doesn't attack.
Oh, it was?
How did he defroze?
Oh, the liquid? Aah...
Nitrogen. Oh.
Oh, okay.
Yeah... No, there is main person. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah.
ooh.